[Debugger] Update debugger guide (#3348)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/guides/visual-studio-code-extension/debugging.md

## Starting a Debug Session

> The VS Code Ballerina extension gives you the same debugging experience as the conventional VS Code Debugger.

Author: I kept the title as it is and added a subsection `Starting a Program Debug Session`.

> Follow the steps below to start a quick debug session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Using Codelense

Ballerina extension provides multiple options to debug your Ballerina program and the easiest way will be using our context-aware `debug` codelense support provided by the extension. The extension can detect any program entry points (main function/service definition) on the fly, and the codelense will appear automatically. Follow the steps below to start a debug session for a program with a main function, as shown below.
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/3348/commits/39614b328067194a4139d08b8e5ca08434260425

![Start Quick Debug Session](/learn/images/start-quick-debug-session.gif)

<br/>

> 1. Open the folder, which includes the Ballerina program you want to debug, and select the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the folder, which includes the Ballerina program you want to debug, and open the source file in the editor.
```

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/3348/commits/39614b328067194a4139d08b8e5ca08434260425
